# CP317-Stock-Management-System
Shared repository for CP317 Software Engineering Term Project - Stock Management System

Our stock market management system is a comprehensive web application which is designed to offer real-time stock monitoring, financial trend analysis, and predictive forecasting. Our system is designed to empower our clients with actionable insights and recommendations which are derived from sophisticated data analysis techniques, accessible through an intuitive user interface. Our system boasts dynamic addition and removal of stocks within our clients' portfolios, allowing for customizable experiences for each of our users. Our clients can create an account, with our system handling their password with hash encoding using bcrypt to ensure secure handling of their sensitive information. Once they have created an account, their portfolio of stocks is saved and can be navigated on the web app to view various metrics, such as historic stock prices, trends, future predictions, and buy and sell signals over the next immediate 7 days. 

 

The primary goal of our stock management system is to provide a robust web application, enabling real-time monitoring and analysis of securities from nearly every market through Yahoo Finance. Through our trend analysis algorithms and forecast generation, we help to aid users in making profitable, informed decisions. Our system caters specifically to individual investors and financial analysts, seeking an intuitive tool for stock investments, performance tracking, and predictive analysis. The architecture of our software is centralized around a web application which integrates a variety of functionalities including, but not limited to, real-time stock monitoring, financial and trend analysis, forecast generation, and a user interface (UI). Real-time stock monitoring features enable users to dynamically update stock prices, incorporating them into the system for immediate analysis. Financial and trend analysis utilizes historical data dating back to the beginning of 2019 to identify trends and perform financial calculations. Forecast generation employs statistical models such as linear regression to forecast future stock prices, enhancing predictive capabilities. Finally, our UI is accessible and has user-friendly features providing real-time data visualization through interactive graphs as well as personalized portfolio management. 
